Express tutorial - update to use Railway for deployment topic (#21806)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/express_nodejs/deployment/index.md

- How busy your site is likely to be and the cost of data and computing resources required to meet that demand.
- Level of support for scaling horizontally (adding more machines) and vertically (upgrading to more powerful machines) and the costs of doing so.

> - Where the supplier has data centres, and hence where access is likely to be fastest.

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason for diverging from US spelling in this case?

Author: Habit? Good catch.

```suggestion
- The locations that the supplier has data centers, and hence where access is likely to be fastest.
```

- The host's historical uptime and downtime performance.
- Tools provided for managing the site — are they easy to use and are they secure (e.g. SFTP vs FTP).
- Inbuilt frameworks for monitoring your server.
- Known limitations. Some hosts will deliberately block certain services (e.g. email). Others offer only a certain number of hours of "live time" in some price tiers, or only offer a small amount of storage.
- Additional benefits. Some providers will offer free domain names and support for SSL certificates that you would otherwise have to pay for.
- Whether the "free" tier you're relying on expires over time, and whether the cost of migrating to a more expensive tier means you would have been better off using some other service in the first place!

The good news when you're starting out is that there are quite a few sites that provide "free" computing environments that are intended for evaluation and testing.
These are usually fairly resource constrained/limited environments, and you do need to be aware that they may expire after some introductory period or have other constraints.

> They are however great for testing low traffic sites in a hosted environment, and can provide an easy migration to paying for more resources when your site gets busier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are however great for testing low-traffic sites in a hosted environment, and can provide an easy migration to paying for more resources when your site gets busier.
```

Open the application service.
Then select the _Variables_ tab, where you will see that `MONGODB_URI` is already defined, and press the **New Variable** button.

![Railway variables tab with the New Variable button highlighted](railway_variables_new.png)

Enter `NODE_ENV` as the name of the new variable and `production` as the name of the environment.
Then press the **Add** button.

![Railway variables tab with new NODE_ENV variable being set to 'production'](railway_variables_new_node_env.png)

The local library application is now setup and configured for production use.
You can add data through the website interface and it should work in the same way that it did during development (though with less debug information exposed for invalid pages).

> **Note:** If you just want to add some data for testing you might use the `populatedb` script (with your MongoDB production database URL) as discussed in the section [Express Tutorial Part 3: Using a Database (with Mongoose) > Testing — create some items](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/mongoose#testing_%E2%80%94_create_some_items).

> ### Install the client

Author: FYI, installing the client is a little odd in this tutorial because you don't actually need it for any of the steps. I have left this in though, because it is potentially useful.
